# CS167: Notebook 0
For all notebooks, I will include the instructions in the README.md file (the file you see when you open up a repository on GiHub, which you are reading right now). 

> Most Notebooks will also have starter code in the repository (which you can generally see in the section above this text). The starter code generally provides a push in the right direction as well as some organization for the assignment. However, this assignment doesn't really have any code associated with it, so it will just live as a README file. 

## Overview:
There are 5 parts to Notebook 0: 
1. Fill out the [Introductory Questionnaire](https://forms.gle/6zZqs9ECDk6XqH7E7)
2. Create your Participation Card
3. Get [GitHub Set Up](https://classroom.github.com/classrooms/121270072-j23-cs16)
4. Sign up for [PollEverywhere](https://PollEv.com/meredithmoore011/register)
5. (optional) Add some music to the [CS167 Spotify Playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3abC5cZQOMSGN9NzU3vrMq?si=32f33f943cad4921&pt=b1fd11453fa818bdf3258a2fd6c9d025)

### Part 1: Fill out the [Introductory Questionnaire](https://forms.gle/6zZqs9ECDk6XqH7E7)
This questionnaire is short and sweet and will help me to get to know you a little bit.

### Part 2: Create your Particpation Card
I care about making this class as equitable and inclusive as possible. Towards this end, we will be using class participation cards throughout the semester. Like many good things, this starts with a bit of arts and class. We'll do this in class, but it will count for part of this Notebook.

### Part 3: Get GitHub Set Up
#### Part 3.1: [Sign in or sign up for GitHub](https://github.com/)
We will be using GitHub in this course for assignments. GitHub is an industry standard tool to manage repositories (folders) or code. It can be a little bit tricky to get the hang of, but I'll provide plenty of demonstations of how to use GitHub within the context of this class. 

> If you are creating a new account, I would recommend you choose a username that is pretty professional--GitHub is often how recruiters will take a look and see what projects you have worked on that involved code. I also usually recommend that your username be gender neutral as there has been some interesting research on how code generated by gendered usernames is treated differently than code generated by gender neutral usernames--but this is a good exampleof 'do as I say, not as I do' as mine is pretty strongly gendered... 

#### Part 3.2 [Join our GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/classrooms/121270072-j23-cs167 )
Use this link in the heading to link your GitHub account to our GitHub Classroom. We will be using GitHub Classroom for the Notebooks and projects for this course. 

### Part 4: [Sign Up for PollEverywhere](https://PollEv.com/meredithmoore011/register)
PollEverywhere is a nifty tool that lets me poll the class. I use it to take attendance, as well as check to see how well the material I'm teaching is sticking. It's $13.99 for a year, and you will need to pay this with a credit card when you create an account. 
> If you already have used PollEverywhere with me this year, lucky you, you don't need to do this step. 

### (optional) Part 5: Add some music to the [CS167 Spotify Playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3abC5cZQOMSGN9NzU3vrMq?si=32f33f943cad4921&pt=b1fd11453fa818bdf3258a2fd6c9d025)
This part isn't required, but we'll have plenty of time to work on things in class, and I like to play music during these times. I like to source the music from you all, so please click on the link to add some music to our class's playlist.
